Add `map` query param to persist camera view (#967)
mapbox/geojson.io: next/public/about.md

> You can load data into geojson.io using URL parameters.

Reviewer: This pretext here should be updated here..  Maybe..
```suggestion
geojson.io supports URL parameters for adding data to the map and storing the map's location and view settings.
```
